How many of you know
Who's with me? And it's very evident that, you know,
most of the stuff i say and i've told this to you time and time again if you've tuned in to liberty station or you've attended the church.
that i i really don't like having him come speak although that is tongue in cheek because when he speaks you go hey i've heard that before rob says that and i have to confess that i still
I stole it from him. This is Congressman Bob McHugh in the most underutilized asset in America.
He has been contending for liberty and freedom and and awakening the churches of America long before I ever even stepped into the pulpit.
You are my mentor. You're my hero. You're my champion. I'm grateful for you.
and you're here at student action summit you got connected with charlie because of you well.
But tell them, folks,
what what you've thought about this student action summit you know five six thousand kids.
The energy level is high. You and Liz are here.
What do you glean from it all i can't begin on that without responding to what you said because anybody who listens to rob knows that he understands truth and truth when he's communicated in a way that's
the way that people can understand is captivating and I'm one of those captives. And what the Satan principle applies to what's happening with turning point. That is, the scriptures point out
To point out that when man without truth is
It goes crazy. He can't tell a woman from a boy. I mean, just silliness, and so it's described. It said, professing themselves to be wise, they became fools.
And you can see how foolish is going on on campus. So turning point begins to teach truth economically, and people begin to say socialism didn't work there.
Why can't they explain it better? And as they begin to pursue truth, the next step is they begin to follow spiritual truth. And why is it that this all works together? And so then
And so that now turning point has added an additional part that Rob is leading called turning point faith because truth applies to
Freedom has a three-legged stool. If you take one of the legs away, a three-legged stool won't work. And freedom is three things. It's economic freedom. A little girl with a little boy.
He gets mad at his mother and says, I'm leaving and grabs his teddy bear and warms up. He's not going anyplace because he has no economic freedom. Or you can be a multimillionaire in prison. The fact that you have E.K.
You have economics where you've been doing it good because you don't have political liberty. So you have to have economic freedom, political liberty, and spiritual truth. And so these young people begin to ask questions.
Ask questions about how does this work, how does marriage, how do I form a family, and all these things. And so turning point faith.
is the underpinning to America.
And it's going to be the underpinning of the young people that recognize that truth comes from the word of God.
for charlie and i to try to articulate it we couldn't have done it better than you just did right there because early on when we were contemplating stepping in and working with churches charlie's biggest concern is church is
As churches don't want me because we're a secular 501c3, we've got agnostics, atheists, there's some Wiccan, there might be a homosexual here, whatever it is, and they exclude us.
Who does? Because of that. Well, as a secular 501c3, they're going on college campuses. They're working with young people.
but they're putting him in the streams of liberty, galatians three, you know this idea that the law is a guardian, a school teacher, to appoint us to christ of faith comes.
And you just articulated when Charlie and I labored over.
Because Charlie's never spoken in a church before because he thought churches didn't want him.
but the reality is
Political, economic and religious.
Are those freedoms that are necessary for that three-legged stool?
And Charlie's taken the economic and the political
And he doesn't withhold his faith. He proclaims his faith.
and now churches are awakening to this and there's no litmus test oh we don't let you in because you associate or affiliate with blah blah blah fill in the blank.
they start to realize that.
we're doing a service sunday morning here.
There's no whole bar we can present the gospel we share that
and it is voluntary but we we get the lion's share these kids coming out for it they're moved by it.
And I didn't know how to articulate it, and doggone it, mom, you just did it in like two minutes.
Well, it's an exciting thing. Bill Bright was one of the best friends. You and I belonged to an organization called the Council for National Policy. And Bill Bright was a founder of Campus Crusade and a very good
A very dear friend of both Liz and mine. One of Liz's best friends that she actually dated for much of her college career was the number two head of Campus Crusade.
And so those two have run campus groups straight for all these years. Recent years, they've now gone off the rails. They've begun to teach other things other than truth. And as long as I'm talking about
about racism or sexism or ecology and then and as long as they got their eyes off Christ on anything else then they're not going to make any changes so when you come back
When you come back, you say, look, the environment. Why? You're opposed to the environment? We need to focus on what changes life. Why? You mean you're a racist? You don't want to talk about it?
And so what has happened with the woke culture is that many of the Christian organizations have lost their way, and turning point faith is not pursuing people. People are pursuing it.
Yep. Because they're drawn to truth.
you have bribe party used to say that that politics is downstream from culture.
And it seems as though the church adapts to culture. Instead, it should be driving culture.
because christ christ
He didn't come to make converts. He came to make disciples, and not just disciples, but disciples of nations. Those are boundaries, borders, compacts.
The constitutions have said this with many of our guests.
will be judged individually on judgment day, but governments will be judged corporately.
And in the 6,000 years of recorded history, we have this experiment in liberty.
For 246 years,
So that as you have so...
eloquently articulated
And people hear me say this all the time. I took it.
lock stock and barrel for me four percent of the population
You talk about inventions, you talk about...
Just go through that so folks can hear it from the source instead of me butchering it with my. Well, the lighthouse for the gospel, only four percent of the people in America, only apartment, only four percent of the people.
You're on the globe. On the globe. Consider themselves Americans.
Other 96 percent
if you take all the money that goes for global evangelism to preach what is right and let me just focus on that just for a second.
you see if you don't know how to run something and you're out there as we would give these people in africa give them tractors right and so they would hook their tractors up to their water buffet.
water buffalo to try to pull the traffic because they didn't know how to run it. That's man without God. And so what turning point faith and what you do and what the church does downstream from culture is
It explains how this works. If you just burn the battery, put it in some grass, you'll see how this thing works. And so then life begins to right itself. And so that then created a niche.
nation
Build upon those principles that.
But this 4% more books, plays, symphonies, copyrights, more inventions than the rest of the world combined. Only 4% of the people are in debt.
And yet they have more Nobel Prize, no, not Peace Prize, all prizes combined for the rest of the planet. Now, S. B. Y.
and the reason why is because god's way righteousness exalted the nation.
And and sin is our approach.
And what is sin?
sin is anything that separates us from God. I'll stop for a second.
There are people who are committed to separating us from God. And so in San Diego, they sue to take the cross off of the city seal. Why? Because they want to separate us from God.
from God. They can't pray in school. They want to separate us from God. But sin is a reproach. Separating us from God is a reproach.
Is a reproach to any people you do that and you end up in the ditch
The
The real grand
On one side you have beautiful golf courses, gorgeous homes, people from all over Minnesota and Montana and Illinois. They come down to Arizona to see you.
Unicline. Beautiful places. Then you go across the river, and suddenly you don't want to own property. You don't want to be left alone. You don't want to be left in the river. Can't let me steal it. This list goes on and on.
on what is the difference so therefore this political system has now been entrusted to us and
The lighthouse for the gospel. The scripture says if you take a city, you must find a strong man. America is the only strong man. You take America down. Israel doesn't have a chance. The rest of the world doesn't have a chance. And
And who can save it?
Only the Bible believing Christians. Organized labor, people on welfare, they've all been registered to vote all the time. They always turn up. It's the Christians, half of whom are not.
are not even registered to vote, which means they've never voted in their entire lifetime. We will stand before God, just as the parable of the talents, when he said, I buried it. I went to church every day. I went to
I went home Wednesday night. I helped you. But did you vote? No, I didn't get involved. Well, then
I could have wasted it. You destroyed a nation that was given to you that was the lighthouse of truth.
But they say, well, I don't do politics because I preach the gospel, and the gospel is the most important thing. Well, wouldn't the second most important thing be protect the government that protects the preaching of that gospel? Exactly.
I got that from you.
and very simply, very simply, if.
you run into the city councilman on the street corner and he says by the way your church has been there since the eighteen eighties it's got the most prime property in the city.
We need it for a parking lot. We're going to put a parking tower. Everybody in the downtown needs it. And we're going to condemn your property and turn it into a parking lot. And you go to the people in your church.
Church and you say oh we need to show up to the City Council and we need to speak out against this eminent domain and the fourth grade Sunday school teacher for the boy says let me tell you Rob
god didn't call me to get involved in city council meetings. god didn't call me to do politics. god called me to these ten-year-old boys. and that's.
and that's where my focus is and you just want to graciously try to prevent yourself from grabbing them by the lapeos and say m bozo if the church goes down your Sunday school class is going with it if this country is
Country goes down. Your church pastor, they're going to tell you when you can meet, how many people you can have in a pew, how many must cover your face. Tell the captain.
The Catholic Church in California, you can't pray the rosary because we in Sacramento have determined that the rosary is a chance and a chance is a mistake.
is in violation of COVID agreements. That's what will happen if Christians do not get involved.
and they and and you know and they they they it's moral pietism and an attempt to justify their apathy.
And I have to tell you, eight-term congressman from Ohio,
you understand the power of the public square.
You've never wavered in your faith and you see the integration of both.
As though it's seamless.
and yet somehow in this nation in the last fifty fifty five years they've forgotten that.
But it's time to dust off the old books.
And one of the reasons why I say you're the most underutilized asset in America is because
what you've been saying and all the time i've known you has never changed but all of a sudden people are awakening to the value of it.
And now you're coming into your stride and these young people here like Bob McEwen. Let me say this, Rob. Seriously, seriously.
i am more optimistic than i've ever been in my life. let me just tell you, you and i have done pastors conferences for twenty years. nobody cared. now suddenly pastors are beginning to wake up.
Wake up. We understood that the schools and the school boards were destroying our families, our children, and polluting them, and we couldn't get anybody to care. And the school board in...
In Fort Worth, just a few years ago, just during the Trump administration, this isn't a long time ago.
The fellow who wanted to let boys shower with the girls got 1,089 votes in a district with 93,000 students and over 800,000.
100,000 people. Now, that was just four years ago. Suddenly, there's an awakening as to what's happening on our school boards, what's happening in our church. And let me just tell you, America is...
America is poised to take off like a rocket. All it needs is proper leadership. We're sitting about as grace abounds even more, but we're watching people across the country awaken. And as you have I have traveled.
And especially with these young people, it brings me such great joy. And it's time for them to realize God has given them a mentor and a blessing as he gave me and you, and he's done it for all.
down there for all these young people. - And they're happy. You can tell people. - Oh, they're full of people. - People who know the Lord. - Yeah. - People who know, understand how life works. Satan brings separation and sadness.
and you can tell it as these kids as they get drawn people go to go to their meetings just because of economics as they began to understand they start to believe in america a little bit in the first thing you know you find out.
Find out God gets a hold of their hearts and changes their life forever. Yeah, it's a skyrocket. His trajectory just increases.
Well you understand why i love this man so much and you now realize as i've always i've been honest to confess it that i i don't borrow from him i steal but now i'm giving him credit vice versa yeah
Yeah, and I, so, you know,
You have now had the privilege to sit
And hear the wisdom of a man I cherish and value and so thank the Lord for bringing into my life.
We'll see you at the next interview.
And don't forget to continue to pray for congressman Bob and his wife liz
They need your prayers. Bless you guys. Thank you, Rob.